*****SGL0210.txt


1)	Change in the SGL work area setting method

Although it was possible to change the SGL system area even in previous versions, 
starting with Version 2.1 the SGL system area has been removed from the library 
(LIBSGL.A), and is now linked as an object file.

Under the default settings, a file named "SGLAREA.O" is prepared in the LIB directory, 
and if there are no problems with the current settings, the system can run with the 
same settings as before simply by linking SGLAREA.0.  When customizing the system 
area, make the necessary changes within a file called "workarea.c" within WORKAREA 
in the SAMPLE directory, and then link that file in place of SGLAREA.0.

2) Addition of the slSynchFunction function (INIT.TXT)

A function has been registered that is executed while waiting for a blanking interrupt 
by the slSynch function.  Do not use this function to perform processing with a heavy 
load.

3) Addition of slConvert3Dto2D function (MATH.TXT)

A function has been added that returns the screen coordinate values when the current 
matrix is used to display 3D relative coordinates on the actual screen.

4) CD-related upgrades

Ver. 2.10 includes the following library versions.

*	CD communications interface (CDC) Ver. 1.20 (no change from Ver. 2.0a)
*	File system library (GFS) Ver. 2.11
*	Stream system library (STM) Ver. 2.11

LIBCD.A does not have any support functions for file system library debugging.  
LIBCD_D.A does include support functions for file system (GFS) debugging, and is 
capable of accessing SIMMs.  For details on these changes, refer to MANGFS.TXT and 
MANSTM.TXT.

5) GCC linker command change

Linking from this version of the sample program is now performed by the GDD in the 
same manner as when compiling an execution file from the LD.  From now on, when 
linking in the GNU environment, do not use the LD; instead, perform the linking 
operation with the GCC.

6) Scroll set variable bug fix

The problem with the setting of the pattern name supplementary data in the 
slCharNBGx (RBG0) function and the slPageNBGx (RBG0) function was fixed.

7) Addition of various functions

Functions that were described in the Ver. 2.0A documentation but not built in have been 
added.

******


